# ApartmentManagementDBMS

The main aim of Apartment Management Mini DBMS project is to rent apartments and get payments from respective tenants. We aim to demonstrate the use of create, read, update and delete MySQL operations through this project. The project starts by creating a Owner and by adding details of tenant buying apartment. The owner provides building & apartment details to their tenant with the start date of rent. The tenants should pay their rents to the owner after every month completion. The admin has full access to the system and can manage every action within it. The system requires users to log in as either anadmin or an employee to access it. The design of the project is simple and easy to use. The system enables the user to manage the activities and the database seamlessly.

The concept of apartment management system has arisen from the fact that various large societies need monitoring and maintenance for their various day to day activities. The goal of this research work is to provide a solution to the problem of apartment management, by designing a computerized system which is user-friendly and GUI-oriented that will be compatible with the existing manual systems. Apartment Management System is used to help people in the apartment to pay bills such as maintenance bills, water bills, make a complaint and update tenants' information. This will make the system more effective, efficient, and interactive, and it will also solve the problems that come up when using the current system.

The conclusion arrived at, is that the maintenance of this project which has been developed is totally beneficial in all aspects, considering the data accuracy or data security or data access speed or even in case of usage. The project has met its objectives. The system has been thoroughly tested with various test and found to be fit for implementation. The system reliability is high and enough security has been provided. The objectives of the system have been achieved.

